
### Introduction
During the course of thirty years of talks to disciples and friends, Osho would answer their questions, or comment on the teachings of the world's great sages and scriptures. His talks continue to bring fresh insight to everything, from obscure Vedic scriptures to the familiar sayings of Jesus. He speaks with equal authority on the Hassids and the Sufis, the Bauls, Yoga and the Buddhists. Ultimately Osho concentrates on transmitting the unique wisdom of Zen, because, he says, Zen is the one spiritual tradition whose approach to the inner life of human beings has weathered the test of time and is still relevant to contemporary humanity.

Unlike other religions, which have fallen prey to hero worship and dogmatism, Zen insists on the unique capacity of every human being to reach enlightenment – or freedom from the illusions of ego created by the mind. And it insists that this capacity can be realized only through meditation. Not by following certain rituals, adhering to a set of rules, or imitating the example of others, however worthy, but only by an alert and non-judgmental attentiveness to one's own thoughts, actions and feelings. When we practice this alertness, this meditative approach to life, it soon brings the awareness that we each contain an unchanging, undisturbed, and eternal center of watchfulness – a center that has the capacity to see life as a great adventure, a play, a mystery school, and, finally, a blissful journey with no purpose other than to delight in every step along the way. In Osho's words, it is the capacity not to worship buddhas but to become a buddha; not to follow others but to develop the awareness within that brings a quality of light and love to all that we do.

Osho has always been more than just an orator or philosopher, however. In the commune of friends that has surrounded him he has created an atmosphere where the truths he speaks of can be directly experienced. To travel the path in the company of Osho is not to retreat to the mountains to lead a life of asceticism and repose, far away from the marketplace. On the contrary, it is to engage oneself totally in the task of waking up, through a rich variety of meditations, physical healing and psychological therapies, lots of laughter and playfulness, and healthy doses of creativity and hard work. Cleaning the floor is as much a meditation as sitting silently in the presence of the master, and confronting the power struggles of one's fellow workers in the kitchen is as significant as understanding the Diamond Sutra spoken by Gautam Buddha. Even the ups and downs of love affairs have their place in the journey to discover who we are. It is in the context of this approach to life, this commitment to making the whole of life a meditation, that this tarot deck was created. And it is dedicated to the buddha within each and every one of us.

*"The buddha is nobody's monopoly, it is nobody's copyright. It is everybody's innermost being. You don't have to be a Buddhist to be a buddha. To be a buddha transcends all concepts of religions; it is everybody's birthright. Persuade it to come along with you, to your daily activities, so everything in your life becomes a meditation, a grace, a beauty, a benediction."*
Osho: No-Mind: The Flowers of Eternity

Sarito