
#### What kind of questions to ask?

Obviously you can ask the tarot what you like, although it is in fact a vehicle for exposing what you already know. Any card drawn in response to an issue is a direct reflection of what you are sometimes unable or unwilling to recognize at this time. And yet it is only through recognition (without judging as right or wrong) from a detached perspective that you can begin to fully experience your height and depth – all the colors of your rainbow being. When consulting the "mirror" of the tarot, imagine the cards as a receptacle into which you are pouring your energies. When you feel ready, select cards in response to your present issue. 

Remember to stay in the moment as you turn the cards over, allowing your inner responses to clarify your outer issues. It is best and most useful to ask questions concerned with your present state of being – not "yes or no" questions, or questions about the future. A good example might be, "What is it that I need to learn from (this situation or person)?" or "How can I better understand?" 

If you find it difficult to come up with a specific question, then just emptying your mind as much as possible and being receptive to what comes is perfectly good. As you will experience, the images of the OSHO Zen Tarot are alive. Their impact is undeniable, for they speak to us in a language that our deeper selves recognize. They awaken understanding. They provoke clarity. Be as silent and focused as possible when you are using this deck. The more you are able to perceive the process as a gift for your individual growth, the more meaningful the messages will be for you.